<https://www.smithsonianofi.com/smithsonian-biodiversity-genomics-postdoctoral-fellowship-program/>

Biodiversity Genomics Postdoctoral Fellowship Program
Deadline: November 1, 2020 11:59 PM EST 
RDikow_circos
Background:

The Smithsonian Institution (SI) Postdoctoral Fellowship in Biodiversity Genomics promotes collaborative research in these fields involving comparative genomic approaches such as phylogenomics, population genomics, metagenomics or transcriptomics, and have a component that involves significant bioinformatics analysis. The Smithsonian’s molecular research facilities are located at National Museum of Natural History (NMNH), Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute/National Zoological Park (SCBI/NZP), Smithsonian Environmental Research Center (SERC), and the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute (STRI) in the Republic of Panama. Collaboration among SI facilities is encouraged.

 
Eligibility:

Applicants must propose to conduct research in-residence for a period of 12 to 24 months. Applicants must have completed or be near completion of the Ph.D. Recipients who have not completed the Ph.D. at the time of application must provide proof of completion of the degree before the fellowship begins. Applicants interested in conducting research at these facilities are strongly encouraged to contact potential advisors/hosts at any of the Smithsonian’s various Museums and Research Institutes prior to proposal preparation and submission.

Identification of the member of the Smithsonian’s research staff who might serve as your principal advisor/host. Also identify potential co-advisor(s) and/or consultant(s) if applicable. The publication, Smithsonian Opportunities for Research and Study contains the necessary information on staff research specialties and current departmental interests to help you determine which staff members are best suited to your research needs. The Smithsonian’s molecular research facilities are located at National Museum of Natural History (NMNH), National Zoological Park (NZP), Smithsonian Environmental Research Center (SERC), and the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute (STRI) in the Republic of Panama. Collaboration among SI facilities is encouraged. Research staff may be named by applicants to serve as principal advisors, co-advisors or consultants. Affiliated research staff may be named as co-advisors or consultants if they will be in residence during at least a portion of the tenure period proposed. You are strongly encouraged to correspond with your proposed advisor(s) as you prepare your proposal.

The number of appointments made each year is determined by the availability of funds for the program. The Smithsonian Fellowship Program does not discriminate on grounds of race, creed, sex, age, marital status, condition of handicap, or national origin of any applicant.

No employee or contractor of the Smithsonian Institution may hold a Smithsonian fellowship during the time of his/her employment or contract, nor may an award be offered to any person who has been employed by or under contract to the Institution in the previous year, without the prior approval of the Office of Fellowships and Internships.

 
How It Works:

The stipend for Postdoctoral and Senior Fellows is $50,400 per year (twelve months). Stipends are prorated for periods of less than twelve months.

In addition to the stipend, allowances to assist with the fellow’s research related expenses and for temporary relocation to the Smithsonian are possible. A maximum research allowance of $4,000 is available. The amount awarded will be determined based upon the budget and justification presented by the applicant. The budget for the research allowance should not include costs for relocation to the Smithsonian, which is awarded separately. The Office of Fellowships and Internships cannot provide funds for the travel or living expenses of dependents. All funds provided under Smithsonian fellowships, including stipends and research and travel allowances, are subject to tax.

In submitting an application for a fellowship at the Institution, the applicant does not incur any obligation to accept the appointment if selected.

All applications must be submitted by November 1st through SOLAA. Notification of decisions will be made the first week in March.

Identification of the member of the Smithsonian’s research staff who might serve as your principal advisor/host. Also identify potential co-advisor(s) and/or consultant(s) if applicable. The publication, Smithsonian Opportunities for Research and Study contains the necessary information on staff research specialties and current departmental interests to help you determine which staff members are best suited to your research needs. The Smithsonian’s molecular research facilities are located at National Museum of Natural History (NMNH), National Zoological Park (NZP), Smithsonian Environmental Research Center (SERC), and the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute (STRI) in the Republic of Panama. Collaboration among SI facilities is encouraged. Research staff may be named by applicants to serve as principal advisors, co-advisors or consultants. Affiliated research staff may be named as co-advisors or consultants if they will be in residence during at least a portion of the tenure period proposed. You are strongly encouraged to correspond with your proposed advisor(s) as you prepare your proposal.

 
How to Apply:

You first need to create an account in SOLAA and then you will be able to apply. Applications for the Smithsonian Biodiversity Genomics Postdoctoral Fellowship Program are not listed under the museum, research facility or office in which the applicant proposes to conduct research. Applicants need to select the Smithsonian Biodiversity Genomics Postdoctoral Fellowship Program found under the Office of Fellowships in SOLAA.  You may search “Biodiversity Genomics” in the program name field.

 

If you have any questions please contact the Office of Fellowships and Internships at 202-633-7070 or send an email to hudsonp@si.edu .

Apply: https://solaa.si.edu
